add test metrics in ci capability (#5774)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

[^*] The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability. 

## July 2024

> - **New**: Introduced Semantic validations in CI pipelines. Automatically test your semantic nodes (metrics, semantic models, and saved queries) during code reviews by adding warehouse validation checks in your CI job with the new `dbt sl validate --select state:modified+` command. This ensures validation of modified semantic nodes and guarantees that any code changes made to dbt models don't break these metrics. Refer to [Semantic validations in CI](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci) for more information and use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
- **New**: Introduced Semantic validations in CI pipelines. Automatically test your semantic nodes (metrics, semantic models, and saved queries) during code reviews by adding warehouse validation checks in your CI job using the `dbt sl validate` command. You can also validate modified semantic nodes to guarantee code changes made to dbt models don't break these metrics. Refer to [Semantic validations in CI](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci) to learn about the additional commands and use cases.
```
